hello everyone welcome to sasa's
Enterprise AI panel uh I'm sandya heg
I'm a partner at unusual Ventures which
is an early stage fund exclusively
focused on Enterprise software and one
of the things I have been doing is
working with startups that are trying to
figure out how to sell generative AI
software to the some of the biggest
companies in the world so really excited
about the topic and would love to kick
off by having our really incredible
analysts introduce themselves hi my name
is Arin I'm the CEO of glean think of
glean like a it's a search engine for
work so think of it like Google or chat
GPD but for your business really excited
to be here I'm Ben I'm uh one of the
co-founders of anthropic which is an AI
Safety Research and Product Company uh
we have Partnerships with Google and
Amazon to sell our models to all of you
lovely people uh we hope to be the
safest and best model out there hi I'm D
CEO at contexual uh I'm also an ad junk
professor at Stanford before this I was
the head of research at hugging face um
so this new company contextual is about
Enterprise large language model so how
do we get this technology to be really
ready for enterprise deployments we
think language models are great first
generation technology but they're not
quite ready we see a lot of frustration
in the market around that and we're
trying to solve those problems the hook
of this discussion and in my mind the
way I think about it is as as early
State investors we're always looking for
what is new technology and where is it
in the adoption cycle in the world right
has it crossed the chasm uh and while
GPT has become a household acronym there
are probably over 200 million people in
the world who have at least signed up
for some generative AI software the
reality is that some of the big
companies in the world are very early in
their adoption right perhaps Google has
started rolling out generative AI sh but
what about Walmart and JP Moran and so
that's the big discussion today is
taking advantage of the incredible
wealth of experience and perspective we
have here uh on this panel to understand
how are these big companies thinking
about uh leveraging AI where are they in
their buying cycle what are the barriers
to adoption for them what can we learn
from people who are already taking steps
making these Investments and last but
not the least some predictions for where
we might be in four or five years like
what would still be really difficult and
what might be more achievable by then so
with that I can kick off with our first
big question what are big companies most
excited about using generative ai4 or
modern ai4 whether that's language
models or diffusion models modern speech
synthesis like what is it that in your
experience big companies are excited to
use this for yeah as we work with
Enterprises we've seen a level of
excitement that I think has never been
seen before and so I would say that
enterprises have two big themes one they
want to use AI to improve the products
that they sell to to their customers and
and second they want to use AI to
transform their business and how they
work their employees work so some of the
big use cases that we've seen are across
customer support like how do you
actually make your agents be a lot more
productive have ai automate the process
of resolving a case or actually bringing
AI right in front of your customers so
that they can get quick answers to their
questions that's one of the big use
cases but also say the use cases are
actually like across personas like for
sales and marketing like helping
marketers create content using Ai and
for engineering helping like helping
their developers write unit tests
testing code as well as just general
code trouble shoot issues using AI those
are some of the big use cases that we've
seen yeah kind of building on what Arvin
was saying we've been really impressed
at how even the largest companies in the
world and not just in Tech like
Salesforce but also Banks retailers Etc
are moving with this technology where uh
for example one large bank that we were
talking to they said they came to us and
they said we've talked to everybody in
our company and we have 500 different
use cases that we want to apply large
language models to that's incredible and
they don't even know where to start so
working with us to say what are the
capabilities of these models what can
they do today that's really high quality
and what might be more of a stretch
where do you think the biggest value ad
for our business will be that's been
really important and then beyond that
how can they make AI the expert at their
company both in what they do as
employees as you were saying but also an
expert in what their product is so that
they're customers don't have to go learn
about what the product is and read all
their documentation but instead the AI
they can just talk to the AI as if it
was a solution architect or a forward
deployed engineer and be able to use the
thing immediately so I was saying just a
backstage event that we probably talk to
the same bank so there's a lot of
excitement uh everywhere and so you can
really feel it like everybody just knows
that this technology is going to change
the world but at the same time I think
you can see in a lot of these
Enterprises that people AR really sure
how that's going to happen right so
there's a lot of excitement but what
it's actually going to look like I think
we don't know yet so we are trying to
discover this it's all a very
experimental phase we're doing a lot of
kind of piloting trying to figure out
where exactly is this technology going
to matter the most and where is it
already ready and where is it going to
be ready soon and so I think if you look
at the landscape of use cases that we
see right now there are roughly three
big buckets so one is around information
Discovery and information s synthesis so
companies like lean I think are doing a
really good job at that but there's this
whole like synthesis problem how do you
get deeper inside so not just the data
that's there but the information you can
derive from that data then there's a lot
of hierarchical summarization use cases
so how do I really turn it into
something I can act on and then there's
a lot of kind of support jat Bots but
just chat bots in general where you have
some script that you want to follow so I
would say 95% of all use cases we hear
fall in one of these buckets there a
bunch of other exciting stuff too but I
think those are really the main things
but then within those buckets I think
many companies are still trying to
figure out what exactly they want to do
so exciting times uh I'm curious when
you are advising these folks on what are
The Right Use cases to focus on how do
you help them understand what are the
use cases that language models tackle
extremely well enough that an Enterprise
can adopt it successfully versus what
use cases where they should probably
look again in 12 months 2 years as
opposed to try to make it happen now so
for for me the best use case is one
where you can Define what success looks
like and we see surprisingly few of
those kinds of use cases actually so
it's so just technology is great like I
want to try it on my chat bot but when
we ask people how do you define success
how are you going to measure that this
thing is actually good enough for a
production deployment very often they
don't have a good answer that's really
one of the things that we're looking for
first it's just do you actually
understand what you want yeah we often
help customers along to get to that
stage where we say here's what we've
seen work for other people here's how
you can construct an evaluation set
where you can continuously improve
that's where we're trying to push
especially the large companies that have
let this slip out of their DNA and not
only figuring out how do they try things
and measure themselves but also try a
bunch of things so take a portfolio
approach try some less risky use cases
like where knowledge extraction or
summarization might be involved and
maybe some more risky use cases like
tool use where it's using that company's
tooling function calling makes sense and
now maybe coming to the meat of the
topic uh what do you see as the biggest
barriers to adoption in Enterprise
whether that's like just at the pilot
stage or for a companywide roll out and
there are a lot that have been brought
up in the general ecosystem from data
governance to reliability security
safety but I would love we could go a
few levels down and share some examples
of what are the things that have held up
sales conversations and product rollouts
for you where people really wanted to
adopt something and but got stuck and
and where are they typically stuck one
thing that actually when the market is
so early everybody is confused like
people actually have this fear of okay
like I'm seeing this tool right now from
you and it looks good but what if
there's something else that's better
than this and so I think that's actually
holds up sales for us for sure sometimes
where like customers want to do a lot of
research uh there are hundreds of
companies building hundreds of products
and they won't actually go see it so
that's just just a basic limitations of
sales process and I think one other
thing which I would also just add so
security has been big but most of the
security questions at least in the media
have focused on companies are worried
about have having their data leave their
environments and going to the model
companies like anthropic and then your
propriety knowledge actually becomes
public knowledge at that point being
trained for the Next Generation theel
that's been like the focus of worry but
there's also like a big issue internally
if you look at any Enterprise they have
lots of knowledge and and that knowledge
is actually not available to every
single person in the Enterprise the
governance is actually big part
internally and so when you have these
like tens of different AI tools coming
into the company all of them need to
work with knowledge your Enterprise
knowledge and so if you start to just
copy your Enterprise Knowledge from
wherever exists today into all these
different AI tools then you lose that
governance you have no idea now is that
information being used safely and only
being delivered to people within the
Enterprise that had permissions to use
it so that's actually another big
concern that companies are grappling
through and figuring out should they
have a more centralized sort of
procurement strategy for AI tools yeah
to underscore something Arin said we
find that having Bedrock Amazon's
Foundation model hosting program
available to our customers is extremely
helpful the most sensitive customers
want things like fed ramp certification
and things that take multiple years and
a ton of effort to implement and so when
we can just send them there and they're
like oh you already have everything all
the cornner squar the the eyes dotted
and the te's crossed that makes them
much more comfortable and and those
conversations are much easier but even
for those conversations it's still a
question as D was saying that we need to
help them figure out how do they
actually use these things where often in
their earnings call their CEO will say
oh we need to have an AI strategy but
underneath them a lot of the Departments
are still thinking about I have the okrs
that I had been planning from last year
and I have all these maintenance and
Tech debt projects that I need to
complete and there's just not a lot of
extra bandwidth in the organization to
explore these brand new things and
figuring out how it will transform their
company and their products so in in our
cases for example notion I think is a
great example where we worked very
closely with their CTO and everybody all
the way down to their Engineers on the
front lines to deeply integrate
anthropics AI into the notion product
experience and we think it's extremely
good but it was it needed a lot of
dedication to make that happen and I
think a py way of summarizing this is a
lot of people think about this new AI
technology as something that's going to
just come in and like work from day one
but actually it turns out it's still
software and with software you need to
do the work of doing the user research
iterating with your all your different
teams from marketing to design to your
engineering and and hopefully in the
future it'll get easier but that's where
we are today and so for me the main
things that are really preventing
mainstream adoption are I think very
familiar themes to many of us so
hallucination these models that make up
things we don't really know why or how
we can fix that these models have
attribution problems so you want to be
able to trace it back to Something in
the training data they have compliance
issues they can't really forget things
easily or you can't really update them
easily they have data privacy issues and
they don't have the right cost quality
tradeoff for many Enterprise deployments
so very often they're just way too
expensive to be actually useful in ENT
Enterprise setting I think these things
are all getting fixed and so I think all
of us are trying to solve these problems
and you can solve them in lots of
different ways and then once that
happens that's really going to what is
it unleash the floodgates and and then
yeah this stuff is going to be
everywhere I'm curious especially since
you brought up a notion as an example
obviously a lot of the early adopters in
the Enterprise have been software
Enterprises right so like software
companies that are now big and have some
of these problems like they do care
about data privacy and reliability but
they are uh early adopters of all good
new technology I'm curious kind of what
patterns you are seeing in terms of what
are the types of companies and who
amongst who are the people in these
companies who knock on your door saying
hey I I need your help getting tools
like this adopted what have been some
patterns that have worked well for you
in terms of Enterprise wide roll out I
think the interest in generative AI is
actually I think it's Universal and we
actually seeing companies that are still
using main frames for their technology
but they want to take that leap and go
directly and embrace Ai and be the the
number one adopters for AI main frames
to generative it's a pretty big Lea frog
exactly yeah and I think and I think
partly like folks are actually seeing I
think digital transformation has has
taken a lot of time for a lot of compan
and companies that took longer like they
feel like this is the way where I don't
want to be behind then in terms of like
just like who's the like for us the cios
we're seeing a lot of interest from them
in terms of adopting generative AI of
course like if you think about the role
of a CIO they represent the demand
coming in aggregate from from the entire
company and with gener that's how it is
like sales people want the technology
marketing people want it HR folks wanted
it wanted for Automation and so I think
the C has become like the natural focal
point point for us at least to actually
go and bring our product yeah I guess
tying to the like more dinosaur type
companies we're talking to some of the
largest banks in the world and there are
very small things or maybe they seem
small to us that are critical for them
being able to use this technology
effectively and that's just doing
arithmetic and so you could like on in
Unix there's BC and if our language
models could use a calculator program
then they would suddenly be extremely
useful for all these large companies and
the fact that tool use is still hard I
think is an open problem and then also
what arvand and DOW were saying about
hallucination also very well-known
problems companies like perplexity are
figuring this out of how to make not
just citation work but also in a user
experience that people can understand
because at the end of the day you can't
rely on your users to click through
every single link and verify everything
themselves so we need to have some kind
kind of deeper understanding of where is
the language model confident where is
the language model not confident and I
think once we've covered those things
we'll see more early adoption from a
wider range of Technology of companies
not just the newer ones the Silicon
Valley ones but everywhere in the
world yeah so so for us yeah we're we're
seeing the same interest I think that
that you two are seeing and there's a a
lot of possibilities I think for working
with interest companies on interesting
use cases the early adopters you you
tend to have very Tech forward companies
that are basically just ready to go but
very often they think they can do it
in-house and and and so I I think that
belief is probably going to go away in
the next couple of years where people
realize that this stuff is a little bit
more difficult than they initially
thought but so aside from that I think
one of the interesting things that we're
seeing is that there's really a mandate
from the CEO down whereas we have to do
something and and so I to me that's
exciting because it's a business
opportunity it's also scary as a startup
because that money is temporary and it's
going to dry up right so it's we're
going to have a couple of cool pilots
and demos and then at some point it
doesn't work and we we'll move on to the
next hype train the kind of
collaborations that you want to start if
you're an AI company you really want to
figure out like how are you going to get
the real Roi for your Downstream
customer and and not how are you going
to build a cool gimmick that they can
showcase to their o and get promoted and
then disappear so next up is product
road map how have you invested in making
your product kind of Enterprise grader
you were saying backstage first as a
startup you build a product that does a
good job then you have to build twice as
much to make it something an Enterprise
can buy so I'm curious what have been
the most important Investments that
ensured that a future like Fortune 50
company can actually adopt glean
anthropic Contex
so first thing just working on security
aspects and compliance so getting your
stock to
certification compliance GDP fed ramp as
Ben mentioned so that's one stream of
Enterprise requirements which is you
just need to work on all these
compliance matters then in terms of
product depending on what your product
is there going to be like lot of Demands
that Enterprise are going to place on
you for us we actually ask Enterprises
to actually give all of their data to us
so that we can make it searchable for
them and so now imagine a large company
like Nike talking to a small startup
like us which is in stealth and saying
that oh yeah I'll ship all my data to
you that's just not feasible that's not
an acceptable answer so you have to
figure out like how you going to
actually work through that one one of
some of the things that we had to do or
basically support running glean within
the customers Cloud environments so that
they can have the peace of mind that no
data has to leave their their premises
that was one of the things and then I
think like ultimately as you start to
gain some momentum as you acquire some
customers then you know things become
easier for you because now you have
reference customers you have actually
other customers who have placed trust in
you so get some trust by transla toity
and yeah those are some of the things
that we had to work on yeah I we talked
about the Amazon and Google Partnerships
and I a lot of companies are already on
those clouds and being able to not have
to go through Pro procurement because
any service just works for them is a big
thing yeah so I I think there's an
obvious answer around like stock to
compliance and and all that kind of
stuff or working with Partners who can
do all of that for you because as a
company often you're not fully certified
for everything quite yet but I think for
me personally and for contextual AI how
we're approaching the problem is going
back to the drawing board essentially so
we're saying language models are great
uh ideas like vector databases are great
all of this stuff is definitely very
promising technology but because it's
not quite ready yet we need to fix all
of these problems still so we need to
fix hallucination and citation and
attribution and all of these different
things and one way to fix them is to go
back to the drawing board and think
about what does the language model
really look like if you want to satisfy
these Enterprise requirements so if you
want to have something that doesn't
hallucinate and that has attribution
what does that look like and so we think
that's not what we now call a language
model so it's not one big parametric
monster it's something a bit more
elegant that has the retrieval kind of
built in it's a retrieval augmented
language model and is strained end to
end so that it can rely on information
that's external and so that means that
it will hallucinate less it will have
attribution it will stay up to date it
will not have compliance issues you will
have a very clean separation between the
data and the model plane and so I think
making language models truly Enterprise
great might require having a different
kind of language model in the first
place I wanted to bring up maybe a
couple subtopics we didn't touch on
which is fine tuning and training data I
know you're probably getting a lot of
questions about f tuning and model
training from people who have never done
it in their life and I'm curious how
what are the concerns and expectations
people have from this because I think
maybe this is also more relevant in the
diffusion world but there are a lot of
copyright concerns over training data
and even with llms like the companies
being sued about having you know used
copyrighted data in the training models
and I know that there's some hesitancy
from Enterprise bios on even if we
didn't do this is there a liability for
us if we use these if we use the output
of those models uh and does fine tuning
like protect us is it enough to give us
a layer between what the original like
model could do and what we would do for
the Enterprise I'm curious like how does
that topic come up for you and what what
are people wanting to do with
fine-tuning or having custom Training
data for models yeah tuning comes up all
the time from people who don't really
know or understand like how these
language models work and but there's
there so much I think when the media
covers AI so much like everybody's
coming in with a lot of assumptions or
like things that they think they need so
so lot we have to like we end up
actually doing a lot of sort of training
and and level setting on with our
customers on let's not talk about
individual pieces of Technology like
fine-tuning or training models let's
actually focus on back to a business use
case like what are you trying to
actually solve and then think about yeah
maybe it will require you to know to
fine tune models maybe it won't and and
there's the alternate approach which is
what but you were saying which is use
knowledge engines as your retrieval
layer and combine them with the power of
llms and so that's our approach as well
at glean and it's just I I think you
have to spend time with customers and
like work on their use cases and for us
it's easy because we like very much
internal focused right so therefore
those other concerns you mentioned
around am I using copyrighted
information and all that hasn't really
come up that much for us does it come up
for anthropic oh yeah definitely one
thing that recently happened I think
maybe yesterday is GitHub said that they
would take liability for all copyright
in suits uh against GitHub co-pilot
usage that's a really interesting legal
precedent we'll see what happens there
in our case we do the best we can with
the data where we respect things like
robots. text on uh websites when we
scrape the web so we try to do our best
to make sure we're not taking data that
people haven't said okay is okay to take
there're also websites that let people
register to say don't train on my data
and we respect those in terms of the
fine tuning concerns I I totally agree
with Arvin that a lot of people don't
understand what they want out of fine
tuning yeah we see this a lot actually
where customers just go we want to find
who our model can you help us with this
and so what we tell them is you've
probably been lied to you don't have to
find two in your model it it feels very
intuitive we have this great data set uh
we own it it's our data so we need to do
something useful with it so we need to
fine-tune our own language model and so
the companies who are offering that
service they would like you to think
that but I just think that's plain wrong
so you can just solve that problem
through retrieval augmented generation
or you can do it by having a very long
context window you really shouldn't need
it the only case where you can need it
is if you want it to support a use case
where you have a lot of data that nobody
else has and it's really specific to
that use case so it's not continued
pre-training supervised fine tuning sort
of things it's really like I want to
specialize my model I don't want
artificial general intelligence I want
to have artificial specialized
intelligence and if you want to do that
then you can use fine-tuning but that's
a very different approach than what
people usually think when you say fine
tuning awesome all right well we'll do a
very quick round of predictions who
wants to kick us off for a great 2030
prediction I would love to learn what is
something wild that you hope will be
true in 2030 and then also what's like
the more realistic likely thing that
will be true I don't know about
something really wild but I think what a
more practical hope and I think it will
happen I think all of us will have a
truly smart knowledgeable personal
assistant that we can that will always
be our companion and do like most of our
work for us
I I think today that luxury is is
limited to Executives in the Enterprises
and I think for in the future it will be
true for all of us that's that's my
whole I guess my big bright future is
that language models understand us
better than we understand ourselves and
when we ask it to do things for us uh it
will not just do what we say but do what
we meant or meant if we were 10 times
smarter and had 10 years to think about
it that's what it would do um and and uh
it would it would make us all better
people and improve our relationships and
uh help us be the best versions of
ourselves that's my my big bright future
and then for what it will actually
be I'm pushing for it to get as close as
that as we can maybe we'll fall a little
short in okrs they say 60% is Success so
I take
that yeah I think the the technology has
a lot of potential to do good and I
think it's really going to be a very
different place
and and so what I think is going to
happen is that there's a couple of CEOs
on the stage here and I'm sure there's a
couple of CEOs in the audience so we
will all be our own CEO of our little
company of AI co-pilots that are going
to be doing a lot of very boring mundane
stuff for us that we don't want to do
which is going to free up a lot of our
creativity and a lot of time for us to
do things that we really enjoy doing so
I I think yeah we have a bright future
ahead of us thank you thank you thank
you so much for coming